docs: add link to example site (#38)
MystenLabs/sui-stack-messaging-sdk: README.md

The SDK enables developers to integrate secure, wallet-linked messaging directly into their apps without building custom backends. Conversations are private by default, recoverable across devices, and composable with other applications.

> Try it yourself at [https://chatty.wal.app/](https://chatty.wal.app/#).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try an example app built using the SDK at [https://chatty.wal.app/](https://chatty.wal.app/#). Also refer to other [Example patterns](./Examples.md).
```
